Symphony. As a example, Mozart's Tartan symphony.
The first theme.
The first theme, which was noticed in the Tartan Philharmonic,
was that the first theme was not resolved at the first degree of the tone,
but at the fifth degree of the tone, that is, the sixth note.
Then, the short four-part section imitates the knot,
and while taking the shape of the first and the same note,
the tune is moved to the first degree.
The song is already in the current key, the first degree.
To make the first degree more clear,
the tune is shown in the second degree,
and finally, it is clearly in the second degree.
Then, the light changes are shown repeatedly.
The second degree is gradually tied,
and then it is entered into the next degree,
always imitating the first degree.
Mozart's baritone symphony.
The
and immediately enter the 8th tenbu.
This 8th tenbu is, as you have heard, the first major
of the Mouhou.
However, the tone does not express the characteristics of the 8th tenbu
and does not stick to one tone.
And so, after completing the process of extensive development,
we finally enter the slightly calmer
organ point.
And then, we enter the more complex
and more complex
noble body.
And then, it takes the form of the technology
which, upon further development,
is now carefully
invoked into its earliest stages.
Hence the end of the 8th tenbu.